README.md, before:


# CWRU Bootcamp Challenge 7 - README Generator

#### NOTICE: THIS README WAS GENERATED USING THE PROGRAM SHOWCASED IN THIS PROJECT!

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
    
## Description
    
The goal of this project was to create a README generator using javascript, nodeJS and the packages we explored this week during class (Inquirer and writing using FS). 

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contrubuting](#contributing)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact Me](#questions)

## Installation

Simply download the index.js file and the package.json files, run npm install to get the required packages and then run index.js using node in the command line!

## Usage

After doing the procedure done during installation, just run 'node index.js' in the command line and follow the prompts given to create a README.md file!

## Contributing

Feel free to fork this repo if you have anything you want to add, change, or remove in regards to this project. I love feedback!

## Testing

For testing on this specific project, I would just follow the usage instructions and see if there's anything you take away from it.

## License

The license used in this project was the MIT license! Please reference the LICENSE file inside of the repository.

## Questions?

You can find me here on GitHub at https://www.github.com/Anthony-GG <br><br>
Otherwise, feel free to reach me at anthony@vayneglory.com
---

Commit message:

Update README.md to include link to video

README.md, after:


# CWRU Bootcamp Challenge 7 - README Generator

#### NOTICE: THIS README WAS GENERATED USING THE PROGRAM SHOWCASED IN THIS PROJECT!

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
    
## Description
    
The goal of this project was to create a README generator using javascript, nodeJS and the packages we explored this week during class (Inquirer and writing using FS). 

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contrubuting](#contributing)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact Me](#questions)

## Installation

Simply download the index.js file and the package.json files, run npm install to get the required packages and then run index.js using node in the command line!

## Usage

After doing the procedure done during installation, just run 'node index.js' in the command line and follow the prompts given to create a README.md file!

## Video Example

Here is a link to the video example showcasing the installation and usage of this project:
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBKlHoSKU28">Click Here!</a> 

## Contributing

Feel free to fork this repo if you have anything you want to add, change, or remove in regards to this project. I love feedback!

## Testing

For testing on this specific project, I would just follow the usage instructions and see if there's anything you take away from it.

## License

The license used in this project was the MIT license! Please reference the LICENSE file inside of the repository.

## Questions?

You can find me here on GitHub at https://www.github.com/Anthony-GG <br><br>
Otherwise, feel free to reach me at anthony@vayneglory.com
---
